
--- Page 1 ---
Car Lease Agreement

This Car Lease Agreement (hereinafter “Lease”, “Contract”, “Agreement”) is entered into on
(the “Effective Date”), by and between

, With an address of
(hereinafter referred to as the “Lessor”, “Owner”) and , with
an address of (hereinafter referred to as the “Lessee”), also

individually referred to as “Party” and collectively “the Parties”.
The Lessee wants to rent (a) Car(s) from the Lessor, under the following terms.

|. General Terms

Hereby, the Lessee agrees to pay the Lessor an amount of money, as per the terms described in
this Agreement, to lease the following Car(s) (hereinafter referred to as “the Car(s)”) from the
Lessor:

Period



--- Page 2 ---
The Lease shall commence on and continue on a

month-to-month basis, until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days prior written

notice.

It is hereby agreed that the rental period will cover all the time spent leasing the Car(s),

including transport, with the date of legal delivery to the Lessee and the return of the Car(s) to

the Lessor included.

Upon the end of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement will not automatically renew for a

new term unless both parties consent in writing to a renewal.

Il. Rental Rates

The Lessee hereby agrees to pay the Lessor according to the following terms:

Monthly rental rates: periods of 30 or 31 days (depending on the calendar month),
calculated from the commencement date of the rental period. Monthly rental rates will
apply when the Car(s) is operated in any one month for no more than 200 (two hundred)
hours.

Weekly rental rates: periods of one week (7 days), calculated from the commencement
date of the rental period. Weekly rental rates will apply when the Car(s) is operated in
any one month for no more than 40 (forty) hours.

Daily rental rates: periods of 24 (twenty-four) hours, calculated from the
commencement date of the rental period. Daily rental rates will apply when the Car(s) is
Operated in any one month for no more than 8 (eight) hours.

Overtime rates: when the Car(s) is operated for longer than the aforementioned limits,
the overtime will be charged at a % fee extra.

Both Parties hereby agree that no deduction for any non-working time during the rental
period shall be applied. Moreover, the Lessee will not be entitled to any deduction due
to returning the Car(s) to the Lessor before the rental period.

The Lessor and the Lessee, their successors, executors, chiefs, administrators and assigns hereby

agree to the full performance of the covenants herein contained.


--- Page 3 ---
Ill. Payment Terms
Payments shall be made on the following terms:

- Payments shall be made at the following address:

- Payments shall be made via the following method:
- Other payment terms:

- Rent is payable before the delivery of the Car(s).

IV. Late Payments

In an event in which payment from the Lessee is more than five (5) days late, the Lessor will be
entitled to, but not limited to, the following remedies: entitlement to charge a late payment fee
of %, applied to the total invoice.

V. Security Deposit(s)

The Lessee hereby agrees to pay

as a Security Deposit, upon signing this Contract. This deposit will serve as a cover for any
damages suffered by the Car(s) for cleaning, maintaining and refurbishing the Car(s). The Lessee
shall be entitled to a reimbursement of the said amount, upon the termination of this
Agreement, if the Car(s) is returned in the same condition as the Lessee receives it, bar any
normal wear and tear.

Upon termination of the Agreement, the Lessor shall return the Security Deposit within thirty
(30) days of the Lessee’s end of the occupancy.

VI. Delivery of the Car(s)

Both Parties hereby agree that:

e@ The Lessee shall be responsible for all the expenses and costs at the beginning of the
Lease.
The Lessee shall be responsible for the shipping of the Car(s) to the Lessee’s premises.
Upon terminating this Agreement, The Lessee shall be responsible for the shipping of
the Car(s) to the Lessor’s storage/maintenance premises.


--- Page 4 ---
Vil. Default

In the event in which the Lessee fails to perform any of their obligations of this Agreement, the
Lessee will therefore be in default of this Contract. In such an event, the Lessee will have seven
(7) days from the date of notice of default by the Lessor to remedy the default.

If the Lessee does not manage to remedy the default, the following options arise for the Lessor:

6.1. Declare the Lessee in default of the Contract.

6.2. The remedy of the default, as well as the cost of such actions, shall be added to the
Lessee’s financial obligations, as part of this Agreement

6.3. Should the Lessee become insolvent, cease to do business as a going concern, or in
an event in which a petition has been filed by or against the Lessee under the
Bankruptcy Act, the Lessor shall retain the right to immediately declare the Lessee in
default of this Agreement without notice. In such an event in which the Lessor may be
permitted by the law to re-possess the Car(s) by its own means. The Lessor may exert
their right to hold the Lessee liable for the monetary difference between the Lease
Payment that should have been paid as part of this Agreement and any rent paid by the
successive Lessee, if the Car(s) is re-let, minus the expenses incurred by re-letting. In an
event in which the Lessor is not able to re-let the Car(s) during the remaining term of
this Agreement, after the default of the Lessee, the Lessor may choose to hold the
Lessee liable for the unpaid balance of rent as part of this Contract, if this Contract
would have continued.

VII. Use of Car(s)

The Lessee and its successors, executors, chiefs, administrators and assigns hereby agree to use
and operate the Car(s) in a proper manner, complying with all the laws, ordinances, orders,
rules and statutes pertaining to the use, maintenance, storage, and handling of the Car(s).

The Lessee declares that, during the rental term, they will, at their own expense, undertake the
costs of all fuel, oil, lubricants or other materials required to operate the Car(s) in a proper
manner, and the costs of repairs/replacements of parts, including labor charges, necessary to be
made to the Car(s) in order to keep it in good shape and running order.

IX. Inspection


--- Page 5 ---
The Lessee shall maintain an inspection made by a competent authority before shipping the
leased Car(s) to their premises.

If the Car(s) is proven not to be subject to the standard required by this Agreement, the cost of
the inspection shall be supported by the Lessor.

If the Lessee fails to have an inspection made, this Agreement will continue, assuming that the
Car(s) is in good condition and running order when delivered to the Lessee.

The Lessor reserves the right to visit the premises where the Car(s) is being stored, in order to
inspect the Car(s).

Upon terminating this Agreement, when the Car(s) is returned, the Lessor will complete a full
inspection, an oil change if deemed necessary and necessary consumables replacement
(including but not limited to filter changes and lubrication).

X. Insurance

The Lessor hereby agrees and warrants that they are responsible for the insurance of the Car at
a fair market valuation, in order to cover and possibly compensate in the event of damage due
to fire, acts of God, vandalism, theft, etc.

XI. Damage of the Car(s)

The Lessee hereby agrees to indemnify the Lessor against all losses or damages brought onto
the Car(s) during the rental period. Such indemnification shall be calculated based on the value
of such Car(s) stated earlier in this Agreement.

The Lessor agrees to give notice to the Lessee as soon as such damage is found and noted. In
such an event, the obligations and terms of this Agreement shall and will continue in full force
and effect throughout the Lease.

XII. Indemnification

The Lessee, to the extent permitted by law, agrees to indemnify and hold the Lessor and
Lessor’s property, free and harmless from liability brought by losses, claims, injury, death or any
person, including the Lessee, or for damage brought onto the property where the Lessee will be
operating such Car(s), or from acts/omissions of any person, including the Lessee, using the
Car(s) with the Lessee’s express and/or implied consent.


--- Page 6 ---
Xlll. Ownership of the Car(s

It is hereby agreed by both Parties that the Car(s) will remain the exclusive property of the
Lessor, at all times.

XIV. Liens

The Lessee shall not charge or lien against the Car(s) and shall keep the Car(s) free of any
charges, fees or taxes liens and encumbrances.

If any charges, fees, taxes liens or encumbrances are not paid, the Lessor may pay for those and
recover the amount they’ve paid, from the Lessee, with interest applied at a 15% per annum
rate.

XV. Representations and Warranties

The Contract is a legally binding agreement between both Parties, as stated above. The Parties
each represent that they have the authority to enter into this Contract.

Both Parties commit to not violating the rights of any third party or otherwise violating other, if
any, agreements made between them and/or any other business entity or governmental
organization.

XVI. Waiver

The failure by either of the Parties to exercise their rights, power and/or privileges under the
terms of this Agreement will not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent/future/other
exercises of that right, power and/or privileges.

XVII. Legal Fees

In the case in which legal action takes place, the successful Party will be entitled to its legal fees,
including but not limited to its attorneys’ fees.

XVII. Severability


--- Page 7 ---
In an event where any provision of the Contract has been found to be void and/or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions will remain
enforceable according to the Parties’ information.

XVIIL Legal and Binding Agreement

The Contract is a legally binding agreement between both Parties, as stated above. The Parties
each represent that they have the authority to enter into this Contract.

XIX. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

The Parties agree that this Contract shall be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of

XX. Entire Agreement

This Contract contains the entire agreement and understanding among the Parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof. This Contract supersedes all prior agreements,
understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature
whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event that the Parties desire to
change, add, or modify any of the terms agreed upon in this Contract, they shall do so in writing
to be signed by both parties.


--- Page 8 ---
The Parties hereby agree to the terms and conditions set forth above in this Contract by their
signatures, as follows:

LESSOR
Signature:
Name:

Date:

LESSEE
Signature:
Name:

Date:
